<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2024 JWP Consulting GK

SPDX-License-Identifier: AGPL-3.0-or-later
-->

# Create a label

Labels allow you to bring some organization to your tasks.

To create a label, make sure the _label menu_ is open in the side menu by
clicking **Filter labels** and then click the **Create new label** button at
the bottom of the _label menu_.

This will open up a new menu where you can write the name of your new label as
well as choose a color for it. Click the \*\*Save button\_\_ to create your new
label.

# Assign a label to a task

There are two ways to assign a label to a task.

If you are creating a task for the first time, you have the option to assign a
label to the task under the **Labels** field. Click **Assign label** and a
**label context menu** opens that allows you to select labels for this task. To
close the context menu, **click outside** of the context menu.

To assign labels to a task that you have already created, you can either edit
the task by clicking on the task title, pressing **Edit** on the task page and
clicking **Assign label** under the **Labels** field.

Furthermore, you can assign labels from the task list inside a section when you
are viewing a project. To do so, click **Assign label** next to the task title
if no labels have been assigned to the task, or **click on any label** next to
the task title if labels have already been assigned.

The **label context menu** will open and you can select which labels you want
to assign to this task. To close the label context menu and confirm your
choice, **click outside** of the context menu.

# Edit a label

Ensure the _label menu_ is open in the side menu by clicking **Filter labels**.
Click the edit button to the right of the label.

This will open the same menu as creating a label, but this time the name and
color will be filled in. From here you can edit the name of the label as well
as change the color of the label. Click the **Save button** to keep your
changes. You can discard your changes by clicking the **Cancel button**.

# Filter by labels

You can filter and search labels that you have created by using the side menu.

Searching for labels helps you to find a label quickly and filtering by label
allows you to see similar tasks at the same time.

You can apply more than one filter at a time. Open the _label menu_ in the side
menu and from there you can either search for a label or filter labels.

# Delete a label

In order to delete a task, click the label section in the side menu and hover
over any label. Click the delete icon that appears and confirm your choice to
delete this label.
