# Create a task

Tasks are the backbone of Projectify. In order to create a task simply click
the **Add task button** in a section panel. If you do not know how to create a
section, please see the [help page on sections](/help/sections).

# Add context to a task

Context could be in the form of a title, description, label, assignee or due
date. You have the freedom to add as little or as much context as you want,
however we require having a title at the very least.

When you create a task, an input form allows you to input information about the
task.

# Edit a task

Once a task has been saved, you can go back in and edit the task by clicking
the task title. This will open up the same page mentioned in the previous
section _Add context to a task_ above.

You can also open this page with the **task ellipsis button** (...) on the far
right and clicking **Open task**.

To begin editing the task, you can either press the **Edit** button in the top
right, or press the **pencil button** at the right side of each task field.

When you are done editing the task, you can save your changes using the
**Update task** button in the top right. To continue viewing the task after
saving your changes, press the **Update task and stay** button.

# Move a task

There are a few ways you can move a task as well as a few places.

You can move your tasks around inside the section they are housed in as well as
move them to other sections in your project. For example, if you have a section
called _To Do_ and another section called _In Progress_, you can move tasks
between these sections.

Moving tasks is simple. On the right of a task are three buttons:

- An **up button**,
- a **down button**, and
- the **task ellipsis button** (...).

The **up** and **down** buttons move the task inside the workpace board
section.

The **task ellipsis button** (...) opens a context menu that allows you to
select a section to move the task to, as well as more actions inside the
current section such as **Move to top** and **Move to bottom**.

# Copy a task link

To copy a link to a task, click the **task ellipsis button** (...) to the right
of the task to open the task context menu and click **Copy link**.

# Delete a task

In order to delete a task, click the **task ellipsis button** (...) in the task
card and select **Delete task** from the context menu. This will open an
overlay for you to confirm your choice to delete this task.
