<!--
SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2024 JWP Consulting GK

SPDX-License-Identifier: AGPL-3.0-or-later
-->

You need to be workspace owner to invite or remove team members and edit their
permissions. [Learn more about roles here](/help/roles).

# Invite a team member

To invite a team member, go to the **Team members** tab in the workspace
settings. You can access the workspace settings by clicking **workspace
ellipsis button** (...) and clicking **Workspace settings** in the context
menu. From there select the **Team members** tab.

From this page, you can send invites for team members to access your workspace
by entering their email addresses and clicking the **Invite team member**
button.

We'll take care of the rest. Be aware that you will not be able to invite team
members if you do not have enough seats available in your workspace.

To understand how many seats you have available in your workspace, see the
[Workspace quotas](/help/quota) help page.

# Assign a task to a team member

There are two ways to assign a team member to a task. If you are creating a
task for the first time, you have the option to assign it to a team member
under **Assignee** field.

There are two ways of assigning a team member to a task after it has been
created, or change an existing assignment.

**Method 1**: You can go to the task page by clicking on the task. Go to the
task edit page by clicking the **Edit** button in the top right. If a team
member has already been assigned, click on their name under the **Assignee**
field and select a new assignee from the **team member context menu**. Confirm
your selection by **clicking outside** the context menu. Click **Update task**
in the top right corner to save your changes.

**Method 2**: You can assign a team member when viewing a project by clicking
on the round image to the right of the task representing the team member's
avatar. If a team member has not yet been assigned, it will be empty. If a team
member has already been assigned, their avatar is visible. In both cases,
clicking on it will open a **team member context menu**. Either select
**Assigned to nobody** to remove the current assignment, or select a new team
member by **clicking on their name**. When you are done, **click outside** of
the context menu to save your choice.

# Filter by team member

You can filter and search team members that are part of your workspace by using
the side menu. Searching for team members helps you to find a team member
quickly and filtering by team members allows you to see tasks a certain team
member is working on.

You can apply more than one filter at a time. Go to the **Team members**
section in the side menu and make sure it is open by clicking the **Arrow
button** on the right side. From there you can either search for a team member
or filter team members.

Filtering a team member also allows you to see how many tasks that team member
has assigned to them. This feature is great in determining which team team
members are available for new tasks to be assigned to them.

# Edit a team member's permissions

You need to be workspace owner to edit team member permissions.

To edit team member permissions, go to the **Team members** tab in the
workspace settings. You can access the workspace settings by clicking
**workspace ellipsis button** (...) and clicking **Workspace settings** in the
context menu. From there select the **Team members** tab.

Click the **Pencil button** next to a team member's role and select a new one
from the dropdown. Your changes will be automatically saved when you close the
dropdown when you **click outside**.

For more on permissions, please see our guide on [team member roles and
permissions](/help/roles).

# Delete a team member

To delete a team member, go to the **Team members** tab in the workspace
settings. Click the **Remove button** next to the team member you want to
remove. An overlay will open asking you to confirm your choice. Once you have
removed a team member, you can add them again using the steps from the section
above _Invite a team member_.

Please keep in mind that you can not remove yourself as a team member from your
workspace.
