# Trial workspace

With a trial workspace, you can try Projectify without any time limitations or
having to enter your credit card data. This help page will explain how to
create a trial workspace, get started using it and then upgrade it to a paid
workspace.

# Signing up for a trial workspaces

You can sign up for a trial workspace by creating a new account on the [sign up
page](/user/sign-up). There, you can enter the email address and password used
for you account, and after submitting you will be asked to confirm your email
address by clicking a link you will receive by email shortly after.

# Onboarding

When you confirm your email address, you can create a new workspace during the
onboarding process. If you would like to restart the onboarding at any time,
you can do so by visiting the [onboarding page](/onboarding).

During onboarding you will be asked to give your new workspace a name, and
create your first workspace board, task and so on.

# Using the trial workspace

After the onboarding finishes, you can start using your trial workspace. You
can add other workspace users by going to the [workspace user
settings](/help/workspace-users). You can add new workspace boards, sections,
and tasks, and use all the other features available in Projectify.

Within a trial, certain limits will apply to your workspace, such as how many
workspace users you will be able to add, or how many workspace boards and tasks
and so on you can create. Please review the [workspace quota
help](/help/quota#quotas-for-trial-workspaces) for more information on this.

# Upgrading to a paid workspace

If you want to turn your trial workspace into a paid workspace, you can
subscribe from the [billing settings page](/help/billing) in your workspace
settings. With a paid workspace, you can add as many items (workspace boards,
tasks, and so on) as you want to, and as many workspace users as you have added
seats to your workspace.

The exact usage quotas that apply to paid workspaces are described in the
workspace quota help [paid workspace
section](/help/quota#quotas-for-trial-workspaces).
